Update User Guide (v1.2b) (#175)
AY2122S2-CS2103-W17-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

Examples:
* `deletetag 1` Deletes the first tag in the tag list and disassociates any contacts that contain the specified tag.

### Finding Contacts by Tag : `findbytag`

Finds persons whose tags match the given keyword.

Format: `findbytag t/TAGNAME`

* The `TAGNAME` parameter **must** be specified.
* Search is case-insensitive e.g. `clients` is the same as `Clients`.

> * If there are no tags that contain that keyword, display an empty list.

Reviewer: Minor English nitpick.
```suggestion
* If there are no tags that contain that keyword, an empty list will be displayed.
```
